I'm currently standing on Salah behind
me is Al magazi refugee camp here the
Israeli forces and tanks withdrew last
night and here as you see the
destruction is massive from balah to
this area on on the road all of the
factories on all of the warehouses have
been completely destroyed we saw the
infrastructure structure severely bombed
it's very obvious that there has been a
lot of um artillery shelling and a lot
of uh air strikes too where till this
moment fire is going out of the
buildings as you see most of the people
right now are trying to get whatever
they can get from under the rebels we
saw people collecting wood we saw people
collecting and going to see and to check
up on their factories and and their
warehouses people are literally
devastated they're saying that they lost
all of what they own and all of the
businesses this is not the first time we
see this on Salah when we evacuated from
the north to the South it was the same
exact scene more destruction is
happening and people are still fearing
an invasion a grand Invasion
toah this is hind Al ja Al magazi
refugee
camp make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer